---
layout: post
title: Towards the Finale
tag: lecture
date: 2016-04-01 15:10:28 +0800
---

Here are the expectations for the final three weeks (Week 12, 13, and 14 (Reading Weeks)).  You should not be adding more features into your project, but you should now focus on evaluating the efficiency, usability, security, and robustness of your project, as well as preparing for the final report, STePS, and final presentatation.  You should also revisit your user requirements from last semester and make sure that all functional, non-functional requirements have been achieved and revisit your software achitecture from last semester and cross-check with the state of your project.  If some of the requirements are not met or your architecture has changed, why?

## Important Dates

- **17 April, 23:59**: (Was 15 April) Submissions of [final project report and developer's guide](http://nus-mtp.github.io/1516/2016/03/10/final-reports.html).  Submit your project report, named teamname-proj-report.pdf, and developer's guide, named teamname-dev-guide.pdf, into [this IVLE’s workbin](https://ivle.nus.edu.sg/v1/File/Staff/default.aspx?CourseID=362ebc0a-3b8d-473e-be98-52e83ddfe8ef&workbinid=8ec8d7f1-c3f4-4fee-9996-6fc5f0fd2692&FolderID=2cc39f09-12f6-4769-9fe6-6496558b4572), replacing teamname with the name of your team in CamelCase.  You only need one copy per team.
- **20 April, 18:00**: STePS.  This is not graded, but is a great opportunity to check out what others have done in CS3283/4 as well as other modules, practice explaining your projects to others, answering questions about your projects, and win some prizes!  Participation is entirely voluntary, but I have high hope that you will be there.  You should be proud of what you have achieved (I know I am!) and show case it to other students and industry visitors.
- **21-22 April**: Final Oral Examination.  Each team will have 45 minutes to present your project to a team of evaluators.  The goal of the presentation is to (i) show the evaluators what your project is about, (ii) highlight changes from your requirement and architecture design last semester (what and why), (iii) explain how you achieve efficiency, security, usability, and robustness of your project (highlight interesting findings).  Many of [the tips from last semester](https://nus-mtp.github.io/1516/2015/11/14/tips-for-presentation.html) still apply. 
- **22 April, 23:59** By this time, you should have a release from Github tagged as a final project release that we will use as the reference to grade.  If you have other contributions that did not make it into this release (e.g., in other branches), please be sure to let me know about it.
- **29 April, 23:59** Final peer review for the project.
